# Files
data.location=~/.task

# Color theme
include ~/.arena/solarized-16.theme

# Polish holidays
include ~/.arena/holidays.rc
calendar.holidays = full

# Customize the list view
report.st.description = Struchowy Flow
report.st.columns = id,project,jiraid,description.count
report.st.labels = ID,Projekt,JIRA,Opis
report.st.filter = status:pending
report.st.sort = start-,project+,jiraid+,entry+

default.command = st

# Taskserver
include ~/.arena/credentials

# UDAs for custom services
uda.githubcreatedon.label=Github Created
uda.githubupdatedat.type=date
uda.githubupdatedat.label=Github Updated
uda.githubmilestone.type=string
uda.githubmilestone.label=Github Milestone
uda.githubrepo.type=string
uda.githubrepo.label=Github Repo Slug
uda.githuburl.type=string
uda.githuburl.label=Github URL
uda.githubtype.type=string
uda.githubtype.label=Github Type
uda.githubnumber.type=numeric
uda.githubnumber.label=Github Issue/PR #
uda.githubuser.type=string
uda.githubuser.label=Github User
uda.githubnamespace.type=string
uda.githubnamespace.label=Github Namespace
uda.jirasummary.type=string
uda.jirasummary.label=Jira Summary
uda.jiraurl.type=string
uda.jiraurl.label=Jira URL
uda.jiradescription.type=string
uda.jiradescription.label=Jira Description
uda.jiraid.type=string
uda.jiraid.label=Jira Issue ID
uda.jiraestimate.type=numeric
uda.jiraestimate.label=Estimate
uda.jirafixversion.type=string
uda.jirafixversion.label=Fix Version
uda.jiracreatedts.type=date
uda.jiracreatedts.label=Created At

# Settings for task shell
tasksh.autoclear = 1
